Documentation: include bgp cli commands in bgp-cp documentation (#25691)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/bgp-control-plane.rst

io.kubernetes.service.name      ``.meta.name``
=============================== ===================

CLI
---

> There are two CLIs available to view cilium BGP peering state. One is present
> inside cilium agent. And second is cluster wide cilium-cli (Experimental).

Reviewer: Edits for style and clarity, nits for grammar, link when helpful, provide effective callouts.
```suggestion
There are two CLIs available to view cilium BGP peering state. One CLI is present
inside Cilium Agent. The second CLI is the cluster-wide <Cilium CLI https://github.com/cilium/cilium-cli>_.

.. warning::
  The Cilium CLI is experimental. Consider carefully before using it in production environments!
```

Cilium Agent CLI
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Following command will show peering status.

Reviewer: Use present tense, grammar nits
```suggestion
The following command shows peering status:
```

.. code-block:: shell-session

   cilium# cilium bgp peers -h

>    List state of all peers defined in CiliumBGPPeeringPolicy

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
   This command lists the state of all peers defined in CiliumBGPPeeringPolicy.
```

Author: This is part of CLI output, unfortunately this has to be modified in CLI code. I'll leave the documentation as is, so it matches actual output.

Reviewer: > This is part of CLI output, unfortunately this has to be modified in CLI code. I'll leave the documentation as is, so it matches actual output.

I'm not happy with that, but I accept it as a temporary solution. 

I'll consider whether I'll accept the "sorry, it's upstream" justification in the future; otherwise, no one faces any pressure to fix bad docs.

   Usage:
     cilium bgp peers [flags]

   Flags:
     -h, --help            help for peers
     -o, --output string   json| yaml| jsonpath='{}'

   Global Flags:
         --config string   Config file (default is $HOME/.cilium.yaml)
     -D, --debug           Enable debug messages
     -H, --host string     URI to server-side API

Cilium-CLI
~~~~~~~~~~

> Cilium-cli will display BGP peering status of all nodes. 

Reviewer: Present tense, spelling, formatting
```suggestion
Cilium CLI displays the BGP peering status of all nodes. 
```

Author: Updated

.. code-block:: shell-session

   # cilium-cli bgp peers -h

>    Gets BGP peering status from all nodes in the cluster

Reviewer: nits
```suggestion
   This command gets the BGP peering status from all nodes in the cluster.
```

Author: Same as above, this is part of CLI output.

Reviewer: As mentioned above, I'll accept "sorry, it's upstream" this time. I am considering whether to allow this in the future, on the basis that without blocking feedback, no one faces pressure to fix bad upstream docs.
